Customer:
I would like to lodge a complaint against customer service for being completely unwilling to help us find an autopay solution, hanging up on us twice, and refusing to speak logically about the subject with someone who is trying to help your business.  It is extremely difficult to keep track of a payment that occurs every 3 months.  There are numerous free options for autopay systems that are far more advanced and secure than Intuit that cost small businesses and companies nothing to use, take seconds to set up, and offer monthly payment options, which would greatly enhance the efficiency of your business, as well as reducing costs, waste, carbon footprints.  

Sam Hughes
Our office clearly explained the following to you when you called:

We would need to either email or mail the recurring authorization form to you.  The form would need to be filled out and signed.  We require the original signed form to be mailed to our post office box for processing.  This is the ONLY option for autopay that we offer to our customers and we do not plan on changing this process.
If you are not happy with our option for autopay that we offer you are more than welcome to go directly through your personal bank to setup an auto payment with them. 

Thank you,

Small Local Trash Company
Sam Hughes

Customer
I just want to make sure that you're able to get paid in a timely fashion. I was offering assistance to make that more easily accomplished. I also explained that it is not possible for us to send mail out, and why it is important to offer an alternative. It is quite difficult for me to remember something that only occurs every 3 months and my email is full of spam that arrives at a rate of roughly 20 spam mails per hour every single day, so notifications for it are turned off.  I'd love to work with my bank, but my "bank" is the US Government, I'm on disability, due to the same reasons it is difficult to remember things and they don't offer such services, unfortunately. It's not that I'm not happy about it, it's that it is a literally impossible process for us, and I want to be able to make sure I don't miss payments due to the inferior brain I was born with.  I mean we can keep going like this, with me not realizing I missed a payment, until the trash ends up not being collected and that's what makes me realize it probably got missed that quarter, but I know for a fact I'll probably forget again, as I can barely remember last week, let alone the last 3 months, and there's nothing I can do about it, there are no medical options for the disability in regards to having a normal perception of time.  As for the complaint, a simple logical explanation about why the process exists in the first place, as the logic is completely oblique to me, would have served a lot better than just being hung up on like I'm not a fellow human being in a world we all share.  It just feels quite discriminatory is all.
